What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
    
    The hidden folder .git is included in the directory. This is needed
    to track the files in the directory and the following commits. The
    nice shell zsh immediately knows to apply git-mechanics on a folder
    if it has been initialized.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is the intermediary in the situation. There we can
    bundle up files for one single commit. I think it helps to choose
    wisely what to add when. I am not sure why it is superior to just
    allowing "git commit" accepting multiple arguments. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

    After staging my file(s) I can still check the staged file(s)
    against the latest commit in the repository with the --staged
    option. Diff is great. With git status I always can see what changes
    I want to commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?

    Just like in this game there could be a change in a project, that
    makes a different design choice than the main branch. For example a
    game could change its graphic style, but some people want to pursue
    the old graphic style and then it's branched into to lines of
    development. It's helpful to have this possibility, because then
    it's possible to experiment and still have a clean distinction
    between the (clearly) labelled branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Through the diagram I read the commit messages more carefully and it
    was clearer what has been the logical changes made. And I saw
    immediately which features where only on the coins branch and which
    only in the master and wished for a way to merge them :D.
    It's easy to spot parents in the diagram, too.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent
it in the diagram the way we do?

    The result is both changes in one file, so for us that meant we
    wanted the latest updates of master and include the new coin
    feature. Deleted lines from the original should have been omitted,
    new lines included. The merge appears as a new commit.
    We now have a commit with two parents - all of the commits are
    reachable. Now we can delete the old branch, as it is included in
    the new one. Though I am not sure yet, if it is always good to do
    this. Perhaps there was introduced a bug and the feat should be
    developed a little more on its own while master is working?

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?

    Automatic merging works well, especially after a lot of machine
    learning. But manually merging most probably ensures that the code
    is proper after the merge. Especially when there's a conflict as the
    same lines have been changed there's no way git should guess with
    only a small confidence. When doing automerge the result really
    should be valid code!
