How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	Otherwise I would have to look at every single line and compare it.
	That would take a long time. And is very tedious. Prone to errors.
	The diff just marks exactly the differences so I only had to look
	for few lines and as I knew I was searching for a typo I found
	"spacr" quite fast. It had to be an addition to the new file,
	so that was what I was looking for.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	Everybody makes a mistake, and I can access those mistakes via version
	control. That means if I made a typo I just can look up the changes I made
	and immediately see where it is. I don't have to remember every place I
	edited something. I can focus on editing.
	Secondly I would be braver in editing. I would just erase some chunk of
	code and replace it by another way. If it goes wrong and I need my former
	approach back - I can do it in an eye-blink.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	Like you said earlier, automatic saving is prone to save changes in
	the middle of the work. It is hard to write an algorithm to decide
	which changes are meaningful. It could be, that, if the program is syntac-
	tically correct and there was an editing pause, save a commit. But still
	this would save to many commits without meaningful messages.
	There Git is strong - meaningful messages make the history easy to read.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because Git is for code and code often needs multiple files, they are
	interconnected in the way that they only work together.
	For Google Docs each file is viable on its own. They can be treated
	separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log gives you the whole history. I type --stat to see the changes
	right away. At least the number of lines changed and which files where ch.
	Then I take the first idea. To search you do
		/<searchterm>	use n and N like in Vim
	Copy the first ID with the mouse to the clipboard. q to quit.
	write git diff <first ID> and then CTRL-C to leave the comment to the bash
	history but unexecuted. Again to the log file, second ID and with the
	up arrow you get the last commands from the bash, voilá.

	With those tools you can easily spot the differences between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	I even can destroy everything. And even commit. After a checkout with the
	old ID I just have everything back. So I commit before doing great changes.
	Good to have version control keeps meticulously track of things.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	If I ever make a website it will be greatly appreciated to have the security
	to fall back on previous working files. Like the man in the interview said.
	I still want to even more program my first game which I like. I suppose
	I really want to have version control. With my first take on my first little game I
	even got fumbled up with only a few files. It will get less messy and much more
	secure with Git.
